<b>Customer Segments</b>
<p>At Hybrid Commute we value our customers and their experiences with us. We long to create long term relationships with the community. We have created a loyalty discount program to reward loyal customers with cost savings (i.e. coupons, discounts). We hope to gain more new valuable customers and focuses on improving shared mobility. Our target customers are those who live in very populated areas. Such as cities, universities, airports, and urban parts. The target age is 16-34 with men and women represented equally. This includes young adults, college students, business professionals, regular customers, and tourist. We welcome all ages and variety of people. We look forward to connecting and commuting with you.

More specifically, we will start (Year 1) with a rollout in mid-sized college towns with a history of high-tech start-ups and industry, like Lincoln, NE or Madison, WI, and which are perhaps more adaptable with regulations. Furthermore, tech-savvy college students (often with no means of personal transport) and recent grads, as well as environmentally conscious older adults, will be the targeted group(s) within the age demographic. Utilizing the lessons learned, we will next move into larger tier cities in the 1M-3M population, being cognizant of each city's mass transit infrastructure, as some are more developed than others. A great stepping stone city would be Austin, TX. We anticipate this rollout to take 2-3 years, after which businesses process and technologies should be tested enough for deployment to the major metropolises of North America.

In many cities in North America, mass transit is underdeveloped to the point where many who would utilize it find it unable to fully meet their needs. For the early adopters (college students and the like), off-campus housing is generally more cost-effective than on-campus, but can put one at the mercy of transit stops. Later on, as the service matures, surburbanites may find transiting into the city center more appealing if they know they can easily get the means to complete their entire commute, instead of being shuttled to a station or stop that is still another 30 minute walk to their destination
</p>
