# Customer Relationships
Innovieren believes current clients will be just as important as new buyers. As such; our Sales Representatives will work to develop lasting relationships with our customers, while attracting new customers. New customers will contact or be contacted by a Sales Representative through one of the listed Channels. During this contact we would customize a training record. Specific account information, training video and download link for the software would be emailed after the contact. After subscription purchase, and depending on the needs of the business, we would send a team of professionals to the client. This team would provide in depth training to employees on the software use and provide consultation on OSHA requirements and other standard business practices. For current customers we plan on maintaining these lasting relationships; at a minimum Sales Representatives keep quarterly contact with our client’s Human Resource Department and/or designated Manager to illicit feedback and ensure the product is working as promised. Our plan is to use our clients preferred method of contact. Whether it be via a phone call, text message, e-mail, video and/or online chat. The means we would provide services to our customers would be; personal assistances in the form training and technical support, for self and automated services our website would include a customer login, under the clients account would be a customized "support" section to aid with fixes and include company specific training tutorials. All of these efforts will assist in maintaining a lasting relationship and make it easier to upsell product advancements. We expect our clients will react favorably, by using their preferred method of contact to regularly check in with them. This gesture would show that we care about their business and how our product is integrating and adding value to their organization
