# Key Resources
Outside of the original partners, we are looking into fairly small teams to run the site initally throughout first couple years. But, we intend on having small team of customer representatives for outside bot support. A small team of 1-2 bookkeepers to maintain our financial records. We would require one dedicated marketing analyst who would work with our advertisers, and partners, in developing ad campaigns and employing our AI ad systems. After first year, looking into hiring software engineer and having him assist us, the devolpers, in implementing patches, bug fixing, etc. Our last team would be our data management team; likely to be last incorporated as we wait to stockpile useful data with first couple years of data collection.<br>
<br>Starting off as a small start up, we will not need much as us 5 partners will be most of the initial fuel, and drive of the organization. With monitoring of forecasted growth, the layout for divisions of team will commense. <br>
<br>The first team would be us, the origninal developers, doing the initial establishment of the site, allocation of resources, and we'll pay for free-lance marketing to broadcast our website showcase. As the website develops in the first year, we will go from a strictly developor team to hiring on a bookkeeper, marketing analyst, customer service rep, and a data analyst. Over the years, depending on projected site growth, we will hire additional employees in the aforementioned sections. This is depending on website requirements and overall revenue generation. Eventually,  the original founders can move to become Public Relations figureheads and a core group of the Board of Directors. <br>
<br>In terms of physical resources our team is predominately functioning off of our partnered cloud services. However, we're taking an initial start up of funds to produce a small office space to work out of.<br>
