<b>Value Propositions</a></b>
      <p>Hybrid Commute is a program that helps people navigate their travel options, such as transit, ridesharing, cycling, walking and even telecommuting as alternatives to driving alone to work. Our goal is to help relieve congested roads while helping you save time and money. Through the use of our easy to use website/app, and coordination with our over (number of "vehicles" in our inventory) we ensure that your transportation needs will be met all the way to the last step of your travels and will be handled with care; putting you and your safety as our highest priority.

Ultimately, the value that we provide to the consumer is providing an easy, cost-effective means to complete that "last mile" of their commute. But it's not just value to consumers we aim to provide: by encouraging use of mass transit in cities (or suburbs into cities), traffic congestion is eased, pollution is reduced, and general well-being (less road rage, for example) is enhanced. In many cities, mass transit is underutilized because stops and stations don't readily align with many potenial riders' needs; as a result, government funding is often cut, further exacerbating the problem. And many urbanites are unable or unwilling to own a vehicle, and oftentimes their choices in places to live, where to dine or shop, or send children to schools are defined by their proximity or ease of access to either reliable mass transit or their place of employment. We seek to provide the opportunity to open cities in a safe and environmentally-responsible way.
</p>
